8 mental health rules I swear by- to use whether you’re in therapy or not:

1. No screens while you eat.
Most people don’t know this, but the state of mind we’re in while we eat impacts how we digest our food. Eating can be a natural 15-minute mindfulness break if we give ourselves the permission to use it that way.

2. If it takes less than 2 minutes, do it now.
Or similarly, the “one touch rule.” Micro-avoidances stack up and quietly drain our mental bandwidth. If it’s under 2 minutes, knock it out and watch your mental load clear up. For the one-touch rule: if you touch a task, complete it. You end up saving oodles of time.

3. Name the emotion before trying to understand it. 
Our minds love stories, especially when we’re activated. Labeling the feeling first (anxious, disappointed, jealous, lonely) lessens its power over us and makes us much more capable of understanding its origin, purpose, and message.

4. Use grounding in the first moments of your day.
When I wake up, the first thing I do is say a prayer thanking the Creator for being alive, and then I put my feet on the floor and FEEL THEM THERE, sending a clear signal to my body and mind that I am grounded, present, and supported. It deeply impacts how I feel the rest of the day.

5. Do a gut check before saying “yes.”
When I’m not sure which path is right, I ask my body. And I’ve spent years honing this practice. When we practice this enough, we learn to interpret the signals our bodies are sending, and we stop letting logic talk us into things our bodies are rejecting.

6. No work or problem-solving after 9 pm.
Nighttime thinking is rarely insightful. It’s usually just fatigue mixed with nervous urgency. If worry thoughts show up, write them down on paper and tell yourself, “Tomorrow I’ll be better equipped to handle this very important thing.” Protect your evening hours like they’re the most important part of your workday. They are.

7. Use both/and dialectical mindset.
You can be grateful AND struggling at the same time
time. You can love yourself fully AND want to change in the same breath. We gaslight ourselves too often by saying we should be just one thing or the other, when in reality, we will always be both. You are allowed to honor the complexity of any experience. In fact, you should.

8. When you’re spiraling, go to the body before the brain. A dysregulated body cannot be reasoned with. Drink water, eat a protein-rich snack, step outside for 3 minutes, or do 10 slow breaths. Then, and only then, decide how you’re going to tend to your inner world.

Therapy In The City, PLLC

#therapistsoflinkedin #moderntherapy  #therapeuticrelationship 
#clinicalwisdom #mentalhealthprofessionals  #realtalktherapy 
#TherapyThatHeals #HealingJourney #EmotionalHealing