Fantasy books that represent mental health

Mental health representation is a subject that means a lot to me as an author. There are many fantasy books I read in my youth that helped me through difficult times, and I love when authors do what they can to support readers in that way. And there are lots of ways to represent mental health in fantasy. Either through the people or through the more thematic questioning of what mental health is. This is where fantasy in particular can shine since it can use fantasy worlds to explore how things could be different.
I find both methods really interesting, and I'm delving headfirst into the analysis of them in my latest YouTube series (I like to analyses how various scientific topics are explored in fantasy literature for fun. Go figure). For this series, I need some help with recommendations. Mental health representation in fantasy is a hard thing to search for, so I'm hoping the Reddit hive mind can come to my rescue.
So this is me asking for your help. My plan is to do videos in the future about how specific mental health conditions have been explored and represented in fantasy. The good the bad and the ugly. So what have you got? In the first video of the series, I talked about how there are two levels mental health can be explored through fantasy. 1) the representation through characters. 2) the thematic exploration of mental health. I used examples like the Manifest Delusions series by Michael R Fletcher, which asks the question what a world would look like where mental health conveys power. If you have any more examples of thematic questions about mental health in fantasy, then I would love to hear them. If not, then do you have any recs for the exploration of: depression, anxiety, PTSD, Eating disorders, ADHD or any other mental health condition you've seen represented in fantasy? My ears are open. If something did it badly, why was it bad? What did you love about the representation?
In case you're interested in watching the videos, you can find them on my channel, Science in Fantasy. The first in the series is up and this link will get you
there
. There is a video analysis on mental health healing in fantasy I've got coming out soon that I'm particularly excited about sharing. It's a topic I haven't seen explored enough in fantasy, and I hope to do an
r/fantasy
post summary soon (so long as I don't forget!).
Happy reading folks and thanks in advance for your recs!