[RoW] Taravangian - mental health in a way we might not see it

I honestly feel like I have the Taravangian boon/curse.  I am an accountant focused on US taxes.  Some days I can hammer through the toughest tax code, and other days I don't even know how to read a W-2.  There are no daily tests to start the day to see if I am dumb, smart, or dangerous, and I haven't openly ordered the execution of any clients who get on my nerves.  So I think I am doing well with my mental health and acuity.
and I haven't killed any vessels and taken on the power of a Shard
But I wanted to take a moment to simple recognize how much I see mental health and special needs being personified in these characters, and how much it is helping me understand myself and others.  I struggle, daily, with depression, anxiety, ADHD, feeling like an idiot ALL THE TIME.
I first started reading these books cause I wanted to catch up with my friends and their conversations.  I soon expanded into the whole ever expanding cosmere of books.  Oddly enough, it went from reading cause they're fun and fantastical, to reading because I felt like I understood these characters.  I felt seen.  I felt like my story was being told in a small fashion.  So I kept reading to find answers and hope and support.
Life in the physical realm is tough enough, but adding into it brain damage (I had a TBI as a child and only learned about it 6 years ago and how it has affected my life), emotional trauma from a previous marriage, and on and on.  There is something different about the way a fictional character can be a source of help and support than a real person.  I get a break from the real world while also facing the things I struggle with.
Do not underestimate the powerful impact these fictional characters have on real world people.  While what Taravangian has isn't really parallel to real world mental health issues, this character most of all hit me hard.  Especially during his "dumb" days.
I went to a therapist.  I started seeking help.  I am doing things now to increase the odds of having smart days.  Because of him.  I am also accepting and understanding how good I am and how much worth I have and how much I can do on my "dumb" days.
TLDR: Taravangian should have a mental health disorder named after him and the whole Cosmere of characters can help us face our struggles in ways we might not recognize.
Edit: changed description of source of emotional trauma