Men's Mental Health Awareness Month

(Jace, Mirror Mage. Art by David Rapoza)
In all seriousness, Jace's antics in Thunder Junction and onwards could've been wholly prevented had he been given a serious grievance counseling session before and after the events of March of the Machines' part of the Phyrexian War arc.
Jace needed to talk to someone like Ajani, or if he was still around, Gideon. Both of these two have also suffered tragic events but we're also able to take their tragedies and use it to better themselves and help others. However, unlike these two, Jace bottles up his emotions, grievances, and endlessly dwells on what he could've done to fix what he perceives as broken instead of moving forward.
As for Vraska, despite being his love interest, she unfortunately served as the enabler towards becoming the final nail in the coffin for his eventual current mental state. That's not to say she did it on purpose, but she most definitely had vastly underestimated how far and hard Jace would go towards the idea of "fixing" the Multiverse.
In addition, Jace doesn't handle personal loss very well. He immediately becomes suicidal with the Sylex after Vraska is turned, and even in the epilogue story of Thunder Junction, he irrationally tries to cope with death:
[[Bring the Ending]]
"Ranna nods her head, a smile on her lips. "Oh, yes, the block's horse was Pewter. Jace was so upset when he died. Kept that double around for weeks. I think he loved the copy of Pewter more than he loved the actual horse.""
Finally, there are many parents who will unintentionally push their childhood traumas onto their children, even when they try to be better. Loot, for example, being mentally controlled by Jace parallels Jace's own childhood of being mentally controlled by his guardian and mentor [[Alhammarret, High Arbiter]] .
If there's any character in Magic who could've benefitted from others being more aware of their declining mental health, it would be Jace. Though there is a joke that men would do anything other than to go to therapy, in Jace's case, he's actively trying to rewrite to the whole Multiverse instead of going to therapy.