Santos S2 building to her own mental health crisis?

There's been a lot of discussion about why Santos having such a visceral response to Langdon's return. I'm wondering if the Langdon response is part of a larger arc or build up related to Santos suppressing her trauma?
I don't remember how specific the show gets in describing her back story, but we know there was childhood trauma, likely sexual, she has a history of cutting, and there's been unaliving ideation or an attempt.
Then I look at her relationships on the show and I see a lot of relational trauma responses, especially with Whittaker.
She demeans him with the nickname "huckleberry."
She's routinely criticizes and belittles him.
She eagerly ropes Whittaker into the bowel impaction patient when it wasn't necessary for him to be involved
But at the end of Season 1, when she learns Whittaker is effectively homeless, she seems genuinely happy that she can invite him to be her roommate. I read that as Santos feeling that Whittaker having not lashed out or rejected her despite her pushing him away, Santos feels he's safe and she can have an intimate relationship (not sexual, just intimate in terms of proximity in her private life) with him.
Then I look at Season 2 and see signs Santos relationships aren't going the way she wants them to, or thinks relationships should in general,  and she's responding in harmful ways.
Whittaker ends up in a relationship with the widowed farm girl from season 1, which I expect bothers Santos more than she admits, hence the bowel impaction event.
She gets into a sexual relationship with another doctor who accepts Santos physically but rejects her emotionally. And not just reject, but tells Santos to her face that people don't like her because of reporting Langdon, they don't like her because she's a b!tc# at work.
Langdon's return is threatening to her because:
Her view of relationships is that everyone should see Langdon's addiction and theft of drugs as unforgivable and he should never be allowed back in a personal or professional capacity.
Langdon trying to get better (even if his heart might not be in it 100%) contrasts with Santos denial and self destructive behaviors.
Anyone else see this as exploding in the future? The person where all the signs were there but nobody put together the pieces until it was too late?