My declining mental health is ruining my book

Disclaimer: English is not my first language.
It's just as the title says. I started to develop the idea for my book when I was 15 (I'm 23 now), I used to daydream my day away making up scenarios about the protagonists. It became the way I coped with life. At night, whenever I had had a bad day all I longed for was to get in bed and see them. I want to mention that the female protagonist was/is sort of a self insert though a brighter, healed version of me. The male protagonist on the other hand represented everything I was struggling with at the time. They gave me hope.
It took me a while to realize that I wanted to turn my daydreams into a book but in 2020 I decided to take it seriously and made an outline for the story and worked on my characters to make them as human as I could. Now that went slowly but when I got to the writing part the progress was painfully slow. I had to take a break last December (20k words in) because I just couldn't write anymore, I hated everything I did. It was supposed to last a month but I could not write something decent until May and It's still difficult to form more than two sentences I do not hate. I'm lucky if I get 200 words down on a day.
And the thing is I know my characters very well but when I try to write them, overall the male protagonist, I get soooo anxious that I can't hear him, I can't tell if what I'm writing is how he would react/ speak. Nothing ever seems enough when it comes to him. Then I read scenes I used to love and my mind goes numb. I hate writing because it makes me angry and anxious. I literally have to remind myself to breathe in and out when I'm doing it. I can barely make up stuff in my head these days. At night I rarely have dreams, if ever. It used to be my thing since I was a little girl. Do you know how that feels?
They mostly appeared because of my depression then I got better and now that I'm getting bad again they're disappearing because of it?
I just don't know what to do anymore, should I just give up? Let it rest for the next ten years with the risk of never picking it up again?
They were my home guys, everything I've ever wished for I lived it through them. What should I do?