Do you ever take sick days for mental health? How do you not feel guilty? How do you address it to your supervisors?

Well my friends, today is finally the day. Today is the day for the first time in the 15 months I’ve worked for this agency where I have hit a wall and I will use my sick days because I need a mental break.
Sorry for the long rant
Without being able to get into much detail of what I do for work, or what agency I work for, my duties are weekly visits were I see literally thousands of people and I make sure they are being treated humanly and these cites operate according to the contract they have with us.
That being said, weekly I have allowed men to cat call me, tell me once they’re out they will look for me To take me out, they have made inappropriate comments about my body (I wear tactical clothes for work), I have taken hundreds of complaints weekly and presented to thousands on a daily. I take their problems with me and resolve them for them. I have sat on the floor for hours or in a squat position when they are not allowed to leave the dorm they’re housed at. There has been days where I have been feeling sick and I still do job. Days I don’t eat/ take lunch until 6-7 hours later. I love my job and I love the agency since it was always my dream to work for them.
However, today I work a call from one of my partners that certain individual decided to put a complaint on me to another department (which handles complaints but from the setting they’re at) and stated I did nothing for him, and because I responded to him that he needed to first request assistance/ submit grievances to the setting he is currently at. Because it’s true and that’s how this work.
Now there is a case against me, and although I was able to provide to my partner with notes, dates, and information of every encounter, I am extremely upset that someone could take it to that extent to complaint about me when I know and my team knows I’m really well known for being caring, respectful and just a happy person. Even the guards at the settings always compliment my positive attitude.
Maybe it’s been going on for a while, but today I’m tired and angry and I have decided I will take two days off to go home and be with my mom. I know it shouldn’t take it personal, but it baffles me home some people can take it to those who help you for their personal gain, and he is trying to drag me, the only person who dared to go and visit him, along.
That being said, how would you address it to your supervisors to request time off? I don’t want to make it obvious this is affecting me although I’m pretty upset, and I really don’t want to deal with this right now.
Any comments are appreciated