The Modern Outlook on Mental Health is a Scam

The western world is finally putting some attention onto the state of our mental well-being but to no surprise it's methods lead to weaker self-esteem and an increase in medication. If people were to properly understand dependent origination they would be able to spot, with clear eyes, where their issues begin and how they snowball. As it currently stands the way these "deficiencies" are presented leads teens and young adults to "accept" they are depressed, have anxiety, bi-polar, etc. which leads them to label themselves as such. The label itself insinuates the deficiency is a part of their biology, they were just born like this, or past abuse cemented it. All this does is de-motivate the individual from investigating why they feel the way they do. That entire thought process is removed from the present moment and stuck in thoughts of the past.
As it stands now, people are encouraged to delve deep into their past but they stop after that. This encourages a victim mentality, leaving people clueless about the most important fact: all that there is, is this current moment. The past does not exist. This constant state of change allows everything to happen, including you cutting off the causes that lead to certain thoughts from arising. The reason you are fully in control of your experience is because you have the possibility of changing what comes and goes within your mind. The thoughts aren't you, they simply show up because the recipe for them was assembled. Learn to prevent this assembly by watching your thoughts. Be an observer, train your mind to not run away with these thoughts, and most importantly realize they aren't "you". Every single thing that happened to you in your life doesn't make "you" either, but it did effect your mind's thoughts. This is the practical application of the No Self teaching. Too many people think they are their mind, so when they notice it's such a mess, they naturally think they are a mess as well, preventing any chance of discovering the mind is trainable like a muscle.
It is frustrating that so many people live in hell and feel helpless about their situation, ignoring a universal law that is dependent origination. One solves their relationship with mental health when they contemplate the 4NTs, where the "aha!" moment comes and you realize just how deep and multi-faceted the teachings really are.