Community Mental Health Survival Tips

I see so many posts about therapists struggling with high caseload numbers and unreasonable supervisor expectations. I worked for over a decade in CMH and wanted to share some of the things that worked for me in managing work expectations and keeping burnout at bay.
Starting from the ground up, give
yourself
permission to have professional boundaries. You are a highly-educated professional, and, you're not a miracle worker. You are allowed to guide the session and structure your time. You are not a machine.
This could look like -
MINDSET
1.     You did not cause your clients (and your agencies) problems, therefore you cannot fix these problems. You can provide compassion, encouragement, and tools. Your clients are on their own path, they will change and grow when they are ready to change and grow.
2.     Cultivate a 'Pleasant, caring, and firm' work persona. You will need this every time you enforce a boundary, which you will be doing a lot while your employer and clients get accustomed to the changes you will be making to handle this caseload.
THEORETICAL FRAME
3.     If you are in Community Mental Health, strongly consider embracing Solution Focused Brief Therapy. Pair this with Motivational Interviewing, you will have a set of skills that puts the focus back on clients and their empowerment. If you learned other styles of therapy in school, think of them like ‘flourishes’ you can toss in now an again.
WORK STRUCTURE
4.     Change your appointments to 45 minutes sessions, which means at 38 minutes you start wrapping it up. Kids might not be able to focus for 38 minutes, so it might even be appropriate to use 90832, which covers 16-37 minutes. Some kids are done after 20 minutes. Guess what, even 20 minutes actually still counts as 30 minutes.
5.     Concurrent documentation. EMBRACE THIS. Even if the research say it doesn’t give the best outcomes, it’s not going to ruin the effectiveness of your session, your client will still benefit from your care and work, and you won’t have six notes to tackle by the end of the day. This is definitely a time to accept the imperfect and let yourself create notes in the session.
6.     Keep your notes brief. Jot down your Mental Health Exam info in the first five minutes, then at 38 minutes you tell them 'What would 'you' like to say about our session today?' Put in their concern, one thing you worked on that day, and what they're going to work on for next time.
7.     At 45ish minutes in, verify their next appointment and walk them out. Now… breathe. Close your eyes. Sit quietly for 2 minutes (more as needed). Some people will want to walk around, some people prefer to stay in their office. Do not do anything client-related for that 15 minutes.
8.     Carve out two different slots a day for admin time, which could be first thing in the morning and right after your lunch break. Two blocks tend to work better than one two-hour block.
9.     Be VERY firm with your boundaries about client needs outside of their sessions, always with a smile on your face and a kind voice. They need a letter for probation? Great, make an appointment. Time to update treatment plan? Do it in the appointment - you need client voice for the plan anyway. Caseworker in another program wants a call from you? Sure, but only return calls during your admin blocks.
10.  When you get a no-show, leave your office. Clear your head. Walk around the building, go outside, just don't sit at your desk. Use this time to give yourself a mini reset before your next appointment.
CAN’T YOU JUST…
There will always be someone who wants you to do more, stay longer, squeeze in one more client, just write one extra letter. For me, unless they were literally going to be homeless or in jail if I didn't write something/make a call, it had to wait till the next session.
FINAL THOUGHTS
Catch your breath. There is a shortage of mental health therapists. As long as you show up to work and get your documentation done, your boss will get used to your changes and boundaries. You are the only 'you' you have. Be kind to yourself, always.