Definition of mental health

Hello everybody! As I wrote in another post, I am researching about the concept of mental health and wondering a lot if this concept has not been naturalized today simply as an effect of the medicalization of life. I mean, even psychologists and psychiatrists who are against the medicalization of life (and speak against the validity of the concept of mental illness) still use the concept of mental health and I wondered if what would maintain medicalization in psychotherapy and psychiatry would be the application of the health imperative, typical of medicine.
At the same time, I came across Canguilhem's definition of mental health (Foucault's professor), who, unlike other more positivist and quantitative conceptions, defines it as follows:
Mental health is characterized by normative power, understood as the use of individual freedom as the power to review and create new norms.
Mental health is a certain ability to overcome psychic crises to establish a new mental order.
Psychic normativity (synonymous with mental health, but different from social normativity) is the ability to not be fixated on cultural norms, the ability to establish other values ​​in a certain cultural environment.
The mentally ill person is limited to the norms stipulated by the social environment, not having the ability to overcome them or to invent new norms.
However, psychologists and psychiatrists, denying the normative capacity characteristic of health and taking social values ​​as absolute values, understand by normal individual the one who adapts to reality or life, without creating new values ​​and new ways of relating to the environment. your social environment.
Thus, for Canguilhem, what would characterize mental health would be flexibility or malleability, not the individual's conformation to social norms, but precisely the ability to replace these norms with others. If, on the one hand, this definition of mental health seems to me a lot like the proposal of some therapeutic approaches that talk about psychological flexibility, on the other hand, it seems to me to be extremely similar to the concept of resilience widely used by neoliberal psychology (extremely medicalized) .
What do you think? What concept of mental health do you use? Is it possible to have a demedicalized mental health? Is the concept useful?