I need time off sick for my mental health but I'm scared it will backfire due to project deadline and timing. Has anyone experienced something similar?

My mental health is awful right now, my stress and anxiety are beyond anything i've felt in a while. I'm writing this at 5am because I woke up with an intense feeling of dread. It's been a mixture of my severe imposter syndrome being at the junior/mid level stage but being told to lead my projects due to lack of resources. My manager has been offering support but I still feel out of my depth and have been having sleepless nights and palpitations just thinking about the weeks ahead. I think i've cried every day for the past month.
I'm really feeling the pressure with an approaching deadline that was ridiculously short to start with. I get stressed before certain meetings usually when there are a lot of stakeholders. I can't stop worrying about how i'm going to come across before the meetings and then after I still can't stop obsessing about how i came across again. I know it's pathetic but no amount of positive thinking or trying not to care seems to work for me. It doesn't help that i'm the youngest, most junior and one of the only woman in my team. The rest are men either middle aged or pretty arrogant and I can't relate to most of them.
My company also recently went through a massive lay off, I'm still feeling the pressure and impact of it. It threw me off and I've had the constant fear in the back of my mind that I may be laid off in a couple months or when I finally relax and start making life plans.
I've been debating whether this career is right for me for a while now whilst also feeling trapped and unsure what to move into next.
This has become a bit of a vent but ultimately I really want to take time off sick for my mental health. Not just a week off but potentially get signed off by my doctor for a couple weeks as I think I'm close to a mental breakdown and I don't think I can keep this up much longer. The timing just feels bad. There won't be anyone to take over the project and it will probably leave things very messy and potentially even worse when/ if I come back. So I feel stuck and just looking for any opinions or advice that might help.