A reflection of mental health and the trauma that MSP work can do.

Disclaimer:
So this may not be the most common type of content for this sub and it may get down voted hard but I figured its worthwhile. I think that my experiences may be useful to air and discuss.
No post flair as there is no "Meta" or "general discussion" tag.
There is a TLDR at the bottom.
Context:
I (29M) have been working on computers and very technically/mechanically inclined as long as I can remember. I started doing IT work when I was 18 and pretty quickly got into the MSP game. This year will be 11 years I have been doing IT, of which 9ish of them have been with various MSPs up and down the west coast.
In short, I feel like I grew into the adult I am while immersed in this industry.
A bit over a year ago I left MSP work of which I was the most senior tech in my area, handling large projects and high demand clients. Basically When the the shit hit the fan, I was the one getting called. (I say this as humbly as I can, I however do take great pride in my work.)
Over the past year I have been able to redirect my energy away from just work/survival and towards myself and my relationship with my wife. We were high school sweethearts and we have grown up together through the last 11 years. Its been mostly good but recently we have been working on breaking down and processing a lot of our trauma and pain from that time. This was motivated by us wanting to be the best versions of our self before we have kids.
How is all of this relevant to MSP work? Get to the point.
Put as plainly as I can, due to the high speed turn and burn nature of MSP work I developed a lot of bad habits around stress. I tend to default to disabling my emotional processes when faced with challenges, technical or not and trying to approach them with only a logical brain. I used to see this as a strength, now I am not so sure.
From a work standpoint, this is a fantastic tool. Feel no stress now, "there is no help coming, its up to us, get it done". Its damn fine fuel for powering through hard issues and hard projects. Its also very draining.
From a personal relations standpoint, its incredibly destructive trying to process emotional challenges with only a logical mindset. Its not made me the best partner.
In the best of cases brain will throw a syntax error.
In the worst, it causes a spiraling infinite loop or a destructive divide by zero.
I have talked to quite a number of coworkers and friends in this industry. A lot of them have experienced some level of similar disconnection be it intentional or not. Due to having lived in a large military area I have also talked to a number of service members that deployed and seen direct combat. My take way is its a similar process some take while in combat. To be clear I am not comparing MSP work to combat. Both can be high very high stress, and the way that stress is processed can be done in the same way.
This can be a very easy thing to bury or strongly internalize. Talking with a therapist has been incredibly useful in identifying the source of a lot of this trauma and starting to break it down. We still have a big stigma in the western world regarding mental health. Hopefully this can help get some of you thinking about these things a bit. Especially if you are new to the industry.
TLDR:
This industry can be toxic. Try to keep from building unhealthy habits due to it.
If you already have, you aren't alone and it is possible to work on and change things.