CMV: The way medication is used for mental health(in America) is flawed

I’ve been diagnosed with OCD for a couple years now. It’s legit, confirmed, official and on paper. And it sucks. I’m not self diagnosing,  or someone who pretends to have mental illnesses for attention. So please no arguing over such things in the comments.
It’s been strongly recommended that I take anxiety/depression meds. But I’ve been declining to take them. I’m still doing therapy and talking to a professional though.
My questions are about mental health meds themselves.
The idea of being sad or anxious or not being at my best mentally, and then being told to take a pill for it makes me uncomfortable. It feels very dystopian and Matrix-like. Am I really better, or do the pills just make me feel better? Wouldn’t any positives I feel from the medication be fabricated?
And how do I know it won’t affect my personality? Change the way a perceive and feel about the world around me? I may have some issues with anxiety, but I don’t want my entire personality to change, perhaps even permanently.
(For context, I’m in America)
I’m also uncomfortable with the way that these medications are prescribed. They prescribe these medications automatically and in such a worryingly carefree manner. It seems like so many healthcare providers are willing to play this weird chemical lottery game with your brain. There’s no way to know how a specific drug will affect you until your on it. So often times you’ll be put on one drug after another until one “sticks.” That seems careless, especially when many drugs have side effects like “may cause or increase suicidal thoughts” and other extreme potential side effects. But nobody really knows until they’re on one of these medications. Surely I’m not the only one that thinks this weird chemical gambling with your brain is dangerous?
How can you give a depressed person a pill that may or may not cause or increase suicidal thoughts, and then send them home? WTF? If you had really bad hearing and someone offered you pill that could fix it… or make you permanently deaf, would you take the pill? I sure as hell wouldn’t. I’d rather have difficulty hearing than take a gamble on potentially losing my hearing forever.
The way that medications are used and prescribed(at least in America anyway) seems very flawed to me. I’m sure my worries about these medications are partly because of my anxiety. Just by reading my post as I type it, I can tell how anxious I probably sound to anyone reading this. But I also feel like these are also legitimate questions.
TL;DR: I guess my question ultimately boils down to how are so many people comfortable taking meds for mental health? Are you really better, or just feel better? How do you know it won’t make unwanted changes? How do so many people accept the risks? Potential side effects may include paranoia, new or worsening suicidal thoughts or ideation, hallucinations, etc. Not to mention the potential physical side effects. I don’t understand how so many docs and patients are willing to roll the dice like that? Maybe I’m missing something?