Had to quit for my mental health. Not just my job, but my career.

I worked in the networking MSP space for seven years.  That came to an end today, and I have no more tears to shed for it.
So I wanna share the story of how things got to this point, in case anybody else out there is dreading their next day in MSP Land and wondering how much longer they can go on.
I came here straight out of foodservice hell.  A call in the parking lot on the way home from a company I'd never heard of or even applied to--apparently a friend of mine had given my résumé to somebody who then gave it to manager after a conversation in an IRC channel I'd never even been to.  I still don't know how it went down, but it got me out of serving tacos that I couldn't even afford because they paid me so little I was on EBT.
I was ecstatic--I felt like a helicopter had just swooped down with a lifeline and rescued me.  That feeling of gratefulness lasted several months, enough to get me through the difficult early parts of learning VPN support.  And beyond that, I reasoned that my stress would decrease as I got better at the job and didn't have to exert myself quite as hard just to keep up.
Well, that never happened.
Over the next few years, the company shrank from a number of self-inflicted misfortunes until they decided to sell off our business unit to another MSP--which promptly fired a bunch of people, of course, visiting particular savagery on the account managers and the sales people (which, in turn, caused us to lose several accounts in rapid succession because we lost most of the people who took personal responsibility for those customer relationships and understood their needs.)
Just prior to the acquisition, I actually worked so much overtime that I started getting aggressive, mysterious infections--the scary streaky kind that send red lines toward your heart.  The kind where you need antibiotics as fast as you can drive yourself to the nearest medical facility.  This happened to me multiple times, and the doctors couldn't name any cause other than stress.
And the attrition just...continued, unabated, year after year.  People got laid off over dips in stock prices, got laid off in "10% across the board headcount reductions" following bafflingly large acquisitions, quit because the pay was uncompetitive, or...died.  Including the guy who got me the job--he drank heavily and eventually it killed him.
And nobody ever got replaced.  Every time we lost people and the company saw we didn't implode, they just decided we never needed them.  More and more in fewer hands, every year.  And sure, the customers we continued to hemorrhage lightened the load, but never fast enough to keep up with personnel losses.  If anybody above us cared, they didn't tell us.
And as more engineers and operations staff quit, our internal infrastructure broke down.  Entire systems once deemed "critical" were abandoned and replaced by increasingly awful kludges because nobody had the knowledge or time to fix the original ones (or the company stopped paying for the license.)  And that meant even more work for those who were left.
Finally, things...accelerated.  Nearly my entire team quit in rapid succession.  I was offered a 30% raise and some advancement opportunities, and hoped that if I rode out the company's latest crisis, I would finally make myself indispensable--and secure a nice pay bump.
Well, I did.  I was indispensable because eventually I was the only one holding up the roof--the raise wasn't worth it.  Last winter was nothing but conference call hell--several times a week, often eight hours or longer.  I had no backup except for a few internal transfers that we never got time to train--who mostly just escalated things to me and pulled me into after-hours conference calls.
And the worst part was that most of the things I got to be a punching bag over turned out not to even be our fault.  The problem with MSPs is that nobody knows who's responsible for what, and a customer will contract with so many that getting hold of the right sysadmin (or even finding out who was responsible for a given piece of equipment!) could take days, if not weeks, especially for large corporate or government customers.  So after I got grilled for two months over something, we'd finally find out--
oh, nevermind, it was never AnyConnect, it was a Windows Defender update that made every interface, virtual or physical, duplicate packets.  Sorry about that!  You can drop now.
I never knew what was or wasn't our responsibility--but customers always seemed to, and pointed to me.
The burnout was, by this point, crippling.  In January I nearly just quit straight up with nothing lined up, just to get away from it before it could actually drive me mad.  But I held on while I sought work elsewhere.
And eventually I found it.  A small, up-and-coming MSSP that, as I heard from current employees, was free of the idiotic infrastructural practices and more-in-fewer-hands failure modes I was far too used to.  So I thought--hey, worth a shot!
And then I ended up doing basically nothing but taking notes on thousands of false positives from a security AI, putting them in a ticket no one would ever read, and repeating the process ad nauseam.  I was also working under the single most oppressive time-tracking system I've ever seen (to make sure all the exhausting nothing I was doing added up.)  So that didn't do my morale any favors--great, instead of being neglected by irresponsible corporate leadership, I merely feel like Master Control is standing uncomfortably close to me and making me rearrange the contents of a trash can repeatedly for no apparent reason.  Yeah, that's fine.
But to make matters worse, I never had time to recover from the beating I took at the previous company.  I was only able to get one week in between jobs, and the PTO policy was actually
worse
than at the last company.  My mental health declined over the next few months until, even on weekends, I could barely focus on such simple tasks as making breakfast.  I talked to my boss and my doctor and tried to form some kind of plan.
Ah, but here's the kicker:  Changing jobs to get away from the prior absolute pit of misery disqualified me from FMLA for a year at the new job.  Great!
My only option left was to pursue short-term disability, but I was actually so burned out by this point that I could not even do my job.  I couldn't even pad my time enough to fake it.  I was gone.  And yet I was looking at months more of this while I tried to fight my way through a convoluted medical maze just to get permission to take more than one week of leave--the maximum PTO allowed at a time.
And I needed
months
off, not weeks.  I even told my boss that I would happily accept a 25% cut to my salary for even modestly shorter work hours, because the stress wasn't worth the money.  But nobody will let you do that.  Really, all I wanted was a few months to just...not worry.  Peace.  Time to heal from everything that had happened.
So...I quit.
I have nothing lined up and I'm not looking.  Not for months.  Not only do I not want to go back into MSPs, I do not even want to go back into IT.  I hate it, and I am done with it.
Maybe giving up on selling tacos was premature.  I think I'm more likely to find a taqueria I can stand to work at than an MSP I can stand to work at.  Yeah, it pays less, but what good is the money if the stress is so bad I just wind up spending it at the hospital?
The deafening noise inside my skull is finally beginning to fade.
(Edit:  Crap, I think it's actually been eight years, not seven.  My brain is legit kinda hosed.)