'The Magicians' and Mental Health - Lexapro is Magic

I know there have already been a lot of posts about 'The Magicians' series by Lev Grossman and the various eyebrow-raising content within. Still, I haven't seen this discussed anywhere, so here goes:
In the second book 'The Magician King', we go back to the timeline of the first book to spend more time with Julia, Quentin's friend/unrequited crush from his adolescence. Having failed the entrance exam to Brakebills, she spirals into a depression from having no outlet for her undeveloped magical talent.
Eventually, through internet forums, she finds a group of people who are more or less in her situation. To gain access to this group, however, she has to prove her bona fides:
To get in the door you first had to show them your prescriptions. They wanted credentials, solid ones. A bunch of nerds like this, they didn’t want to hear your whining, and they didn’t want to read your poems—sorry, Jack—or look at your doomy watercolors. This crowd wasn’t softcore. If you were depressed, they wanted to see the hard stuff, a diagnosis from an actual psychiatrist and hard-core chemical-on-neuron action. And if you were rocking double- neurochemical-penetration, like Julia was, all the better.
Now, that really crimped my cabbage. Of course at first I thought this was setting us up for something - that eventually there would be a reveal about how being mentally ill isn't actually some codeword for being magic and special.
But - no! There's no twist. It's exactly what it appears to be. If you're not profoundly sick, you cannot be a wizard.
I should also point out that we never see any of the people in this group, who Julia eventually goes to live with, displaying any outward signs of mental illness.  No crying, no panic attacks, no staying in bed all day, no avoiding people or activities due to anxiety.  Not even any personal slovenliness. It's like having depression or anxiety or CPTSD or any other disorder is just some invisible chronic condition whose only side effect is making you cool and sexy.