Did anyone else's relationship end because of mental health issues?

Just hoping to hear stories of other people's experiences. My relationship ended because he was going through some very tough things mentally to the point where he started dreading his own thoughts and, despite my protests that I'd always be there to support him, said he didn't want to hurt me anymore and ended it.
I sometimes wish he would have sought professional mental help before resorting to breaking up. He promised so many things about our future. But in the end, this was all his choice. Can anyone else relate?
EDIT: Hey everyone, it's been 3 years and I still see people replying to this post now and then. So I wanna add my own contribution.
I've been in a relationship for almost a year now with an amazing guy who suits me way better than the last dude. If anyone is gonna be my life partner, this is the one. Fate is sort of ironic this way - now I know how my ex felt, because I'm on the other side of the coin. I'm the one with the mental health issues.
I'm experiencing what I've heard and can only be described as some mild form of relationship-related OCD(?) with my partner. He prioritizes and loves me, and is everything I asked for. Yet I now get dangerous, unhealthy, possessive, and insecure thoughts that I suspect stem from my last relationship. It gets extremely overwhelming sometimes. Here is the cycle: I have a thought, I ruminate, I avoid talking to him about it, I distance to avoid emotional pain, and the problem only gets worse and more complicated. Although he's always open to help and invites conversation about these mental issues frequently, I feel like this isn't his burden to bear, so I avoid talking to him about it. It only serves to distance us both more.
I've been working on it myself, with journalling, ChatGPT, finally opening up to my friends, and in the past few months trying to open up more with him. I've solidified the belief that if you really care about someone, you'll do what it takes to make things work - whether that means seeking professional help, or just more communication with someone who is willing to bear the burden with you. I promise you that it does get better, and y'all deserve to have people in your life that are willing and able to walk through hardship with you. I didn't think I'd ever be where I'm at right now, especially so soon, but I am proof that it happens!