Men's mental health month/ Why umbra is the best frame for me

With June coming up and it being men's mental health month, I wanted to express my love for our poster boy and our King Excalibur Umbra.
For years iv dealt with depression and more, Losing myself in my pain and lashing out at others. In and out of the hospital from multiple suicide attempts, just never having anything that I could hold onto that could keep ahold of me, 2013 hits i see an image for this new game called warframe, unfortunately couldn't play it until 2015 when I got my ps4, as a lover of King Arthur I was immediately drawn to Excalibur, this badass character; that was the first time warframe saved me.
But soon i dealt with many more heart aches, job losses, family drama and more, I was down a hole where I could no longer see the bottom or the top, but I just kept falling, many suicide attempts later June 15, 2018 hits, a day I'll never forget, Excalibur Umbra, I saw my favorite frame struggle  with pain and torment, his mental health going nuts! He was losing it, and then it took Me, this tenno a kid and me who always feels like a kid at heart, was the one to save him, I was back where I first was when started warframe, Excalibur saved me and now I saved him, it healed a part of me that will never break again. Since then iv done better, I still struggle but I'm much stronger because of this game and this character.
I know warframe celebrates pride month,but I wanted to take my time here to Honor Men's mental health month, and Excalibur Umbra, a warframe that was released during men's mental health month, which shows how much DE really cares about their players and understands what people go through.
If you know someone who is struggling with their mental health like I do, sit with them and hear their story, who knows you could become someone's hero.
Excalibur Umbra became my hero
And even tho he is just a video game character
I became his hero.
That's a Bond that will never be broken.
Thank you Digital Extremes and Fellow Tenno
From yours truly
And forever an Excal Main