"Mental health" rock - targeted manipulation or benign catharsis?

For whatever reason only It knows, youtube's algorithm blessed me with a short from a band called
Citizen Soldier
.
Citizen Soldier seems at first glance like very formulaic radio-friendly rock, but they actually have a gimmick - their entire discography of the same 3 songs 108 different ways is very explicitly about mental health struggles - lyrics deal directly and bluntly with themes like PTSD, abuse, loneliness, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts - and always overcoming these things by the end of the song through inner-strength, struggle, perseverance, and a community - like a group of people at a Citizen Soldier concert.
The band themselves describe their purpose as:
to fight stigma and provide a "group therapy dynamic." - Their Wikipedia Page
Now I'm sure you can tell I'm quite biased and obviously so, and until this point you might be thinking something like
"So what? What's really so offensive about what they're doing? Seems like a good niche they've identified and made a career in music out of."
and you wouldn't even be wrong, but something about this band - for example, the multiple youtube shorts of a lone, preening frontman with captions like "If life sucks rn, I wrote a song for you:😤✊🧠🌪", "If no one helped u when you needed it most.. I wrote this for you: 😔✊🧠🌪", "POV: Someone hates u but it made u a better person 🖕💓😂"
and other examples
" are just hard to relate to and not look away awkwardly from if you aren't 12 years-old.
Some of you might think I'm being unnecessarily mean, and again, you wouldn't even be wrong - obviously I'm not the target audience. There is a space for this kind of palatable anthemic rock that might actually genuinely help people cope or feel better, and the 'magical' quality of music can't be ignored. You don't 'choose' what songs will give you that tingling all-over feeling that we all search for when listening to music.
So I've concluded I am just a curmudgeon and a generally miserable person - a "hater", in the vernacular of the youths - Citizen Soldier is an important band using social media and DIY ethos to say a lot about the same four topics over and over again. It doesn't matter that it's all surface-level, hyper-targeted, kind of consumerist and commodified, neatly-packaged version of music that feels disconnected from any kind of actually meaningful artistic expression.
I'm sorry, I can't help it - my "being a miserable asshole"-itis is terminal now, and I will surely perish soon, but before I go I would like try to answer the question - does any of this really matter?
Can we even measure authenticity? By what standard?
Because to me Citizen Soldier's music and methods of promoting it reek of "inauthenticity" (whatever that is) and of music driven by the need to make a living, not make a statement or any actual true expression of creativity - but again, how do we measure that except by our own intuition, and is there even anything wrong with writing and performing the musical equivalent of a Bell Let's Talk commercial?
I'll cut my rambling off here - what do you think - is Citizen Soldier's music genuine artistic expression or shallow, meaningless marketing?
Or maybe both simultaneously?
I think there's a number of very popular bands that follow this same kind of formula while being not quite as on-the-nose about it - what other examples of "mental health" rock (or other genres) do you have?